inactive; The head without action; the left arm without action; the right arm without action; the hip without action; the leg without action; No action or a pause in the routine.
stop_both_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and towards agent; the right arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and towards agent; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer towards agent, raise double arms to signal vehicles from front side to stop.
clear_right_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is hang on and doesn't move; the right arm is raised above the head; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer raise right hand to clear the junction.
go_both_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and turned to the side; the right arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and turned to the side; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer turns to the side, raise double arms to signal vehicles from cross side to stop.
go_right_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is hang on and doesn't move; the right arm is raised to shoulder, swing left and right; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer swing right hand from right to left to signal right-side vehicles to proceed.
stop_left_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, waving up and down; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer waving left hand from up to down to signal left-side vehicles to stop.
go_left_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is swing left and right; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer swing left hand from left to right to signal left-side vehicles to proceed.
clear_left_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised above the head; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer raise left hand to clear the junction.
go_right_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is hang on and doesn't move; the right arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and turned to the side; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer turns to the side, raise right arms to signal vehicles from cross side to proceed.
go_left_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and turned to the side; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move;  the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer turns to the side, raise left arms to signal vehicles from cross side to proceed.
stop_right_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is hang on and doesn't move, and towards agent; the right arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and towards agent; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer toward to agent, raise right arm to signal vehicles from front side to stop.
stop_left_static; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, keep static, and towards agent; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move,  and towards agent; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer toward to agent, raise left arm to signal vehicles from front side to stop.
stop_both_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is raised to shoulder, waving up and down; the right arm is raised to shoulder, waving up and down; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer waving left and right hands from up to down to signal front side vehicles to stop.
stop_right_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is hang on and doesn't move; the right arm is raised to shoulder, waving up and down; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer waving right hand from up to down to signal right-side vehicles to stop.
go_both_dynamic; The head tilts slightly forward; the left arm is swing left and right; the right arm is hang on and doesn't move; the hip keeps upright; the leg without action; The officer swing left and right hand from left to right to signal cross side vehicles to proceed.